<!--
    Copyright (C) 2011-2014 ART-DECOR expert group art-decor.org
    
    Author: Gerrit Boers
    Help: Kai U. Heitmann
    
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
    GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version
    2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
    
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
    without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
    
    The full text of the license is available at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html
-->
<xhtml:html xmlns:f="http://orbeon.org/oxf/xml/formatting" xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude" xmlns:ev="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml-events" xmlns:xforms="http://www.w3.org/2002/xforms" xmlns:xhtml="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:atp="urn:nictiz.atp" xmlns:xs="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema" xmlns:fr="http://orbeon.org/oxf/xml/form-runner" xmlns:xxforms="http://orbeon.org/oxf/xml/xforms" xmlns:widget="http://orbeon.org/oxf/xml/widget" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" id="home" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml ../../orbeon_schemas/xhtml1-transitional-orbeon.xsd">
    <xhtml:head>
        <xhtml:title>
            <xforms:output ref="$resources/about-art-decor"/>
        </xhtml:title>
        <!-- styling specific for this xform -->
        <xhtml:style type="text/css"> 
            .xforms-repeat-selected-item-2 { 
            font-weight: normal; background-color: inherit; color: black; 
            }
            .titlehead { 
            padding-left : 50px; text-align : left; color : #fd986e; font-size : 16px; border-bottom: .1em solid #dddddd; 
            } 
            .titletext { 
            padding-left : 100px; text-align : left; color : #bbbbbb; font-size : 14px; font-weight: normal; background-color: inherit;
            }
            .titleimg { 
            padding-left : 100px; padding-top: 10px; 
            } 
            td.paddedtd { 
            padding:0.2em 0.5em;
            } 
            .pack {
            padding: 3em 1em;
            } 
            .hometop { 
            color : #e16e22; font-weight : bold; font-size : 18px; text-align : left; padding-bottom : .4em; margin-top : 0; margin-bottom : 0; line-height : 120%;
            } 
            .note_available { 
            background-repeat:no-repeat; padding:2px 0 0 18px; line-height:18px; background-image:url('img/note.png') 
            } 
            .lastlogin { 
            padding-bottom : 10px; text-align : left; color : #bbbbbb; background-color: inherit;
            } 
        </xhtml:style>
        <xforms:model id="main-model">
            <!-- instance with logo -->
            <xforms:instance id="logo">
                <logo href="http://art-decor.org">art-decor-logo40.png</logo>
            </xforms:instance>
            <!-- Variable with path to art-exist -->
            <xxforms:variable name="art-exist" select="xxforms:property('art.exist.url')"/>
            <xxforms:variable name="art-external-exist" select="xxforms:property('art.external.exist.url')"/>
            <!-- resources for internationalization -->
            <xforms:instance id="resources-instance">
                <dummy/>
            </xforms:instance>
            <!-- submission for loading resources -->
            <xforms:submission id="get-resources-submission" serialization="none" method="get" resource="{$art-exist}/modules/get-form-resources.xquery" replace="instance" instance="resources-instance"/>
            <!-- language -->
            <xforms:instance id="language">
                <language/>
            </xforms:instance>
            
            <!-- instance for DECOR Schema -->
            <xforms:instance id="decor-types">
                <dummy/>
            </xforms:instance>
            <!-- get decor schema submission -->
            <xforms:submission id="get-decor-types" serialization="none" method="get" resource="{$art-exist}/modules/get-decor-schema-types.xquery" replace="instance" instance="decor-types"/>
            
            <!-- load instances -->
            <xforms:action ev:event="xforms-model-construct-done">
                <xforms:send submission="get-resources-submission"/>
                <xforms:setvalue ref="instance('language')" value="instance('resources-instance')//resources[1]/@xml:lang/string()"/>
                <xforms:insert context="." origin="xxforms:set-session-attribute('language', instance('language'))"/>
                <xforms:send submission="get-decor-types"/>
                <xforms:setvalue ref="instance('comefrom')" value="xxforms:get-session-attribute('comefrom')"/>
                <xforms:insert context="." origin="xxforms:set-session-attribute('comefrom', '')"/>
                <xforms:setvalue ref="instance('user-safe')" value="'true'"/>
            </xforms:action>
            <xforms:action ev:event="xforms-model-construct-done load-resources"/>
            <xxforms:variable name="resources" select="instance('resources-instance')//resources[1]"/>
        </xforms:model>
    </xhtml:head>
    <!-- Start of XForm body -->
    <xhtml:body>
        <xhtml:div style="width:700px;">
            <xhtml:h1>About</xhtml:h1>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>DECOR</xhtml:strong> (Data Elements, Codes, OIDs and Rules) is a methodology to capture the data needs of 
                caregivers in terms of data sets and scenarios and use it to generate various artifacts: documentation, value sets, 
                XML instance validation, generation and processing support, and test tools etc. DECOR allows to iteratively improve 
                recorded data and link together input from various experts with different background knowledge like caregivers, 
                terminologist, modelers, analysts and interface/communication specialists. DECOR mainly registers datasets, 
                data types, allowable value ranges, identifications, codes, business rules with an underlying version management. 
                The underlying data format is XML, and transformations with style sheets can be used for HTML documentation, 
                consistency checks across all artefacts and to generate XML materials.
            </xhtml:p>
            DECOR consists of two parts:
            <xhtml:ul>
                <xhtml:li>DECOR methodology: a framework to model artifacts (including documentation)</xhtml:li>
                <xhtml:li>DECOR software: XML-schemas, XML-schematrons, XML-stylesheets.</xhtml:li>
            </xhtml:ul>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>ART</xhtml:strong> (Advanced Requirement Tooling) is the DECOR user interface to create and adapt DECOR files, and to generate artifacts from DECOR files. ART is based on the eXist-db XML database, XQuery and Orbeon XForms.</xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                For more information about ART-DECOR see: <a href="http://art-decor.org">ART-DECOR expert group</a>
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:hr/>
            <xhtml:h1>Legal</xhtml:h1>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>Icons</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>
                <xhtml:a href="http://www.axialis.com/free/icons">Icons</xhtml:a> by <xhtml:a href="http://www.axialis.com">Axialis Team</xhtml:a>
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>SNOMED Clinical Terms® (SNOMED CT®)</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>
                ART-DECOR includes SNOMED Clinical Terms® (SNOMED CT®) which is used by permission of the International Health Terminology Standards Development Organization (IHTSDO). All rights reserved. SNOMED CT® was originally created by the College of American Pathologists. “SNOMED”, “SNOMED CT” and “SNOMED Clinical Terms” are registered trademarks of the IHTSDO (www.ihtsdo.org).
                <br/>Use of SNOMED CT in ART-DECOR is governed by the conditions of the following SNOMED CT Sub-license issued by The Netherlands.
                <ol>
                    <li>The meaning of the terms “Affiliate”, or “Data Analysis System”, “Data Creation System”, “Derivative”, “End User”, 
                        “Extension”, “Member”, “Non-Member Territory”, “SNOMED CT” and “SNOMED CT Content” are as defined in the IHTSDO Affiliate License Agreement (see www.ihtsdo.org/license.pdf).</li>
                    <li>Information about Affiliate Licensing is available at www.ihtsdo.org/license. Individuals or organizations wishing to register as 
                        IHTSDO Affiliates can register at www.ihtsdo.org/salsa, subject to acceptance of the Affiliate License Agreement (see www.ihtsdo.org/license.pdf).</li>
                    <li>The current list of IHTSDO Member Territories can be viewed at www.ihtsdo.org/members. Countries not included in that list are “Non-Member Territories”.</li>
                    <li>End Users, that do not hold an IHTSDO Affiliate License, may access SNOMED CT® using ART-DECOR subject to acceptance of and adherence to the following sub-license limitations:
                        <ul>
                            <li>a) The sub-licensee is only permitted to access SNOMED CT® using this software (or service) for the purpose of exploring and evaluating the terminology.</li>
                            <li>b) The sub-licensee is not permitted the use of this software as part of a system that constitutes a SNOMED CT “Data Creation System” or
                                “Data Analysis System”, as defined in the IHTSDO Affiliate License. This means that the sub-licensee must not use ART-DECOR to add or copy 
                                SNOMED CT identifiers into any type of record system, database or document.</li>
                            <li>c) The sub-licensee is not permitted to translate or modify SNOMED CT Content or Derivatives.</li>
                            <li>d) The sub-licensee is not permitted to distribute or share SNOMED CT Content or Derivatives.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>IHTSDO Affiliates may use ART-DECOR as part of a “Data Creation System” or “Data Analysis System” subject to the following conditions:
                        <ul>
                            <li>a) The IHTSDO Affiliate, using ART-DECOR must accept full responsibility for any reporting and fees due for use or deployment of such a system in a Non-Member Territory.</li>
                            <li>b) The IHTSDO Affiliate must not use ART-DECOR to access or interact with SNOMED CT in any way that is not permitted by the Affiliate License Agreement.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ol>
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes LOINC</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>
                This material contains content from LOINC® (http://loinc.org). The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2014, Regenstrief Institute, Inc. 
                and the Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC) Committee and available at no cost under the license at 
                <xhtml:a href="http://loinc.org/terms-of-use">http://loinc.org/terms-of-use</xhtml:a>
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>Health Level Seven International (HL7)</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>
                This Site contains material that is available as public domain information as well as Intellectual Property that belongs exclusively to HL7. 
                Intellectual property is protected as outlined in the HL7 bylaws and its Governance and Operations Manual (GOM). Copyright, trademark, patent, 
                and other applicable laws protect the services and materials appearing on the Site. All materials on the Site may be accessed, downloaded or 
                printed provided that you comply with the HL7 bylaws and GOM based on your applicable membership level. No other use of these materials may be 
                made without express written permission of HL7. Any unauthorized use of the words or images on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark 
                laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes.<xhtml:br/>
                <xhtml:a href="http://www.hl7.org/legal/tc.cfm?ref=nav">See Terms &amp; Conditions of Use</xhtml:a>
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>ICD-10</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>codes, terms and text © World Health Organization, Third Edition. 2007.
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>ICD-O-3</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>codes, terms and text © World Health Organization, Third  Edition. 2007.
            </xhtml:p>
            <xhtml:p>
                <xhtml:strong>
                    <xhtml:i>ICF</xhtml:i>
                </xhtml:strong>
                <xhtml:br/>codes, terms and text © World Health Organization, First Edition, 2001.
            </xhtml:p>
        </xhtml:div>
    </xhtml:body>
</xhtml:html>